Website Report for mentally-chill.online
This report grades your website based on the strength of various SEO factors such as On Page
Optimization, Off Page Links, Social and more. The overall Grade is on a A+ to F- scale, with most
major, industry leading websites in the A range. Improving your grade will generally make your website
perform better for users and rank better in search engines. There are recommendations for improving
your website at the bottom of the report. Feel free to reach out to us if youʼd like us to help with
improving your websiteʼs SEO!
Audit Results for mentally-chill.online
Your page could be better
B
A
On-Page SEO
C
Usability
B
Performance
F
Social
Performance
On-Page SE
Social
Usability
The HOTH
111 2nd Ave NE, Suite 1500, St. Petersburg, FL 33701
8777204684
support@thehoth.com
thehoth.com
On-Page SEO Results
Your On-Page SEO is good
Your page is mostly optimized for On-Page SEO performance. On-Page SEO is
important to ensure Search Engines can understand your content appropriately and
help it rank for relevant keywords. You can continue to improve your page by
ensuring HTML Tag Content is completed correctly and text content is well aligned
with chosen keywords.
A
The Title Tag is an important HTML element that tells users and Search Engines what the topic of the
webpage is and the type of keywords the page should rank for. The Title will appear in the Header Bar
of a user's browser. It is also one of the most important (and easiest to improve) On-Page SEO
factors.
We recommend setting a keyword rich Title between 5060 characters. This is often simple to enter
into your CMS system or may need to be manually set in the header section of the HTML code.
Title Tag
You have a Title Tag, but ideally it should be shortened to between 50 and 60 characters
(including spaces).
Mentally-Chill - Premium THCA Flower & Hemp Products | Buy THCA Online
Length : 74
Title Tags are very important for search engines to correctly understand and categorize your
content.

Meta Description Tag
Your page has a Meta Description Tag however, your Meta Description should ideally be
between 120 and 160 characters (including spaces).
Discover premium THCA hemp products at Mentally-Chill. Lab-tested THCA flower, pre-rolls, and
concentrates with fast shipping. Buy THCA online in Alaska, California, Colorado & more. 21+ only.
Length : 196
A Meta Description is important for search engines to understand the content of your page, and
is often shown as the description text blurb in search results.

Meta Description is another important HTML element that explains more descriptively to Search
Engines what your page is about. Meta Descriptions are often used as the text snippets used in
Search Engine results (though Search Engines are inceasingly generating these themselves) and can
help further signal to Search Engines what keywords your page should rank for.
Make sure your page has a Meta Description included, and is at an optimum length (between 120 and
160 characters). Make your Meta Description text interesting and easy to comprehend. Use phrases
and keywords relevant to the page and user that you would like to rank for. Meta Description is
normally available to be updated in your CMS.
The SERP Snippet illustrates how your page may be shown in Search Results for a particular query.
Typically the page's Title, URL and Meta Description have been the main components utilized here,
and hence could be carefully dictated, though Search Engines are more frequently building these
snippets themselves to better represent the page content to their searchers.
It's important that the SERP Snippet is enticing for your searchers to click on, and accurately
represents your content to avoid bounces or heavy re-writing by the Search Engine. You should keep
these factors in mind when populating the page Title, Meta Description and URL.
Hreflang is an HTML attribute used to specify the language and geographical targeting of a page. It is
commonly used together with the 'alternate' attribute in the code of a page to signal to Search
Engines a list of alternative language or geographic versions of the current page.
If you have multiple versions of the same page in different languages, it is important to add Hreflang
tags to tell Search Engines about these variations. This code may need to be manually added into the
HTML code of your page, but is also often controlled by your CMS or plugin system if multi-lingual
features are enabled.
SERP Snippet Preview
This illustrates how your page may appear in Search Results. Note, this is intended as a guide
and Search Engines are more frequently generating this content dynamically.
Buy THCA Online
https://mentally-chill.online
Mentally-Chill - Premium THCA Flower & Hemp Products
Discover premium THCA hemp products at Mentally-Chill. Lab-tested THCA flower, prerolls, and concentrates with fast shipping. Buy THCA online in ...

Hreflang Usage
Your page is not making use of Hreflang attributes.

Language
Your page is using the Lang Attribute.
Declared: English

The Lang Attribute is used to describe the intended language of the current page to user's browsers
and Search Engines. Search Engines may use the Lang Attribute to return language specific search
results to a searcher, and in the browser, Lang Attribute can signal the need to switch to a different
language if it is different to the user's own preferred language.
We recommend adding the Lang Attribute to the HTML tag of every page to avoid any chance of
misinterpretation of language. This may need to be manually added to the site's HTML code, or may
be controlled by your CMS.
TAG VALUE
H1 Premium THCA Hemp Products - Lab
Tested & LegalPremium THCA Hemp
Products - Lab-Tested & Legal
The H1 Header Tag is one of the most important ways of signaling to Search Engines the topic of a
page and subsequently the keywords it should rank for. The H1 Tag normally appears as visible text in
the largest font size on the page.
We recommend adding a H1 Header Tag near the top of your page content and include important
keywords you would like to rank for. You should have one, and only one H1 tag on each page. If you
are using a CMS, this would normally be entered into the core content section of the page.
H1 Header Tag Usage
Your page has a H1 Tag.

H2H6 Header Tag Usage
Your page is making use multiple levels of Header Tags.

HEADER TAG FREQUENCY
H2 4
H3 10
H4 7
H5 0
H6 0
TAG VALUE
H2 Shop THCA Flower, Pre-Rolls & Conc
entrates with Fast Shipping
H2 Next-LevelExcellence
H2 TheRevolutionBegins
H2 Get In Touch
H3 Premium hemp sourcing meets mode
rn technology. Every THCA product c
arefully selected for quality.
H3 Quantum Purity
H3 Lightning Delivery
H3 AI Personalization
H3 Premium Craftsmanship
H3 Molecular Precision
H3 VIP Treatment
H3 Featured Excellence
H3 Contact Information
H3 Send us a Message
H4 Purple Koolaid Infused with THCA Dia
monds - Gram
H4 Grape Popsicle - Eighth
H4 Sour Lemon Diesel - Eighth
H4 Business Hours
H4 Products
H4 Support
H4 Legal
The H2H6 Header Tags are an important way of organizing the content of your page and signaling
to Search Engines the longer tail topics your page should rank for.
We recommend including at least 2 other Header Tag levels on your page (such as H2 and H3) in
addition to the H1. It is useful to also include important keywords in these Header Tags. These would
be added to the core content section of your page.
Keyword Consistency
Your page's main keywords are distributed well across the important HTML Tags.

KEYWORD TITLE META
DESCRIPTION
TAG
HEADINGS
TAGS
PAGE
FREQUENCY
thca 13
products 10
hemp 8
premium 7
experience 5
legal 4
purity 4
quality 4
Individual Keywords
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
PHRASE TITLE META
DESCRIPTION
TAG
HEADINGS
TAGS
PAGE
FREQUENCY
thca store 3
premium thca 3
thca products 3
thca hemp 2
hemp products 2
products - 2
lab-tested legal 2
thca flower 2
Phrases
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Generally a page should be targeted to rank for particular set of keywords or phrases. These
keywords should be used with some consistency in page content (naturally and without stuffing) to
maximize ranking potential for those keywords. This means these keywords should be present
across the most important HTML Tags of the page, and used with some frequency in the general
page text content. The keyword consistency check illustrates the keywords we have identified
appearing most frequently in these areas.
If the keywords and phrases identified don't match your intended ranking keywords, and do not
show a level of consistency, you should consider amending your core page content to better include
these.
Numerous studies have shown that there is a relationship between the amount of content on a page
(typically measured in word count) and it's ranking potential - generally longer content will rank higher.
Obviously content also needs to be topically relevant, keyword rich and highly readable for the visitor.
Note, in our assessment, we look at all selectable text on the page at load time, not hidden content.
As a general guideline, it is recommended to have atleast 500 words of content on a page to give it
some ranking potential. However this should be considered on a case by case basis. It may not be
relevant for particular pages like 'contact us' pages for example.
Alternate Image Text or Alt Text is descriptive text that is displayed in place of an image if it can't be
loaded, as well as a label on an image when it is moused over in the browser, to give more information
to the visitor. Additionally, Search Engines use provided Alt Text to better understand the content of
an image. Image SEO is not widely known, but having your image rank for image searches is an
overlooked way of gaining traffic and backlinks to your site.
We recommend adding useful and keyword rich Alt Text for pages's main images, in particular those
that could have ranking potential. This should be considered on a case-by-case basis. Often there
may be imagery such as UI components or tracking pixels where it may not be useful to add Alt Text,
though we have tried to filter a number of these out in our analysis.
Amount of Content
Your page has a low volume of text content which search engines can interpret as 'thin content'.
Word Count: 390
It has been well researched that higher text content volumes are related to better ranking ability
in general.

Image Alt Attributes
You do not have any images missing Alt Attributes on your page.

https://mentally-chill.replit.app/
The Canonical Tag is a HTML Tag that tells Search Engines the primary URL of a page. URLs can have
multiple versions due to things like parameters being passed or www and non-www versions,
resulting in potential duplicate content. Google recommends all pages specify a Canonical for this
reason.
You may need to determine what the primary preferred version of the page is. Often the CMS may
manage this, or provide the ability to specify it.
Canonical Tag
Your page is using the Canonical Tag.

A critical part of a page's ranking potential is ensuring that it can actually be accessed by Search
Engines. The Noindex Tag, when used on pages, tells Search Engines to ignore a page, and can
destroy out it's ranking ability. Sometimes these tags are added intentionally for low value pages, but
sometimes they are left over unintentionally from a theme or template that has been used on the site,
or forgotten to be removed by a developer when a website moves from design and testing to live
usage.
If you want the page to rank and it's using a Noindex Tag, you will need to remove the tag from your
page's HTML entirely. This may require access to the frontend HTML code, and may need to be done
by a developer. If you are using a CMS, you may have an option enabled to prevent indexing of the
page, which should be turned off.
Noindex Tag Test
Your page is not using the Noindex Tag which prevents indexing.

A critical part of a page's ranking potential is ensuring that it can actually be accessed by Search
Engines. The Noindex Header is another Noindexing method that tells Search Engines to ignore a
page, and can destroy out it's ranking ability. Sometimes these tags are added intentionally for low
value pages, but sometimes they are left over unintentionally from a theme or template that has been
used on the site, or forgotten to be removed by a developer when a website moves from design and
testing to live usage.
If you want the page to rank and it's using a Noindex Header, you will need to remove the Noindex
Header from your page. This may require access to the backend code, and may need to be done by a
developer. If you are using a CMS, you may have an option enabled to prevent indexing of the page,
which should be turned off.
Noindex Header Test
Your page is not using the Noindex Header which prevents indexing.

SSL Enabled
Your website has SSL enabled.

SSL or Secure Socket Layer, is a security technology that encrypts data between your website and a
visitor. It ensures that the transfer of sensitive data like passwords and credit cards are done
securely. Using SSL on all pages is a modern standard, and Search Engines have made it a ranking
signal in recent years.
SSL can often be switched on quite simply in systems like Wordpress, Wix etc. Often in more custom
websites though, it may require the help of a technical resource to install and configure this on your
website. After installation, test that your website loads successfully at a HTTPS// location.
SSL is a security technology which ensures sensitive data like passwords and credit cards are sent
securely between your website and visitors. If you have SSL enabled, it is also very important to
ensure that your page is actually forcing usage of HTTPS by redirecting from a non-secure HTTP
version to secure HTTPS version. Not doing this means users and Search Engines may continue to
access insecure versions, which can also reduce your ranking ability.
Often systems like Wix or Shopify will make it easy to enable, and redirect to SSL versions. If you
have Wordpress, or a custom built site, you may require a developer's involvement to ensure that
pages are being redirected to their new HTTPS versions. This can be done within a site's
configuration or htaccess rules.
HTTPS Redirect
Your page successfully redirects to a HTTPS SSL secure) version.

http://mentally-chill.online/robots.txt
Robots.txt is a text file that provides instructions to Search Engine crawlers on how to crawl your site,
including types of pages to access or not access. It is often the gatekeeper of your site, and normally
the first thing a Search Engine bot will access.
We recommend always having a robots file in place for your site. These can be automatically created
using a free online utility, Wordpress plugin, or your CMS's robots.txt creation process.
Robots.txt
Your website appears to have a robots.txt file.

The robots.txt file includes important instructions to Search Engines on how to crawl a site, including
instructions to ignore particular pages (effectively 'blocking' them). Sometimes these instructions are
added intentionally for low value pages, but sometimes they are left over by mistake when a website
goes live, or can be written incorrectly excluding more pages than desired.
If you want the page to rank and it's blocked by a rule in robots.txt, you may need to review your
robots rules to understand why it's being blocked, and remove the rule. Because robots.txt
instructions are a type of code, this may require the help of a developer to correct.
Blocked by Robots.txt
Your page does not appear to be blocked by robots.txt.

https://mentally-chill.online:443/sitemap.xml
A Sitemap is an XML data file on your site that lists all of your site's pages that are available for
crawling together with other useful information like last update times and crawling priority. Sitemap
files help Search Engines find all your pages to give them the highest chance of being indexed and
ranked.
We recommend always having a Sitemaps file in place for your site. Sitemaps can be created manually
using a utility, Wordpress plugin, or your CMS's Sitemap creation process. Additionally, the Sitemap
should be referenced in your robots.txt file.
XML Sitemaps
Your website appears to have an XML Sitemap.

  Google Analytics
Web Analytics Tools like Google Analytics allow you to analyze your websiteʼs performance and
understand your visitors better.
We recommend using an analytics tool on your site. Analytics tracking code can be installed manually
into page code with the help of a developer or enabled as a feature of your CMS.
Analytics
Your page is using an analytics tool.

Schema.org Structured Data Markup is a collection of data tags that can be added to your site to
allow Search Engines to more easily interpret the content and use it to enhance Search Results. For
example there are tags for providing information about your Local Business such as address and
phone number, or adding product information on e-commerce pages so that these products can be
displayed in shopping aggregators like Google Shopping.
It is a good idea to start incorporating some relevant Schema.org tags into your site to improve
interpretation and display by Search Engines.
Schema.org Structured Data
You are using JSONLD Schema on your page.

Usability
Your usability could be better
Your page is OK but could be more usable across devices. Usability is important to
maximize your available audience and minimize user bounce rates (which can
indirectly affect your search engine rankings).
C
Device Rendering
This check visually demonstrates how your page renders on different devices. It is important
that your page is optimized for mobile and tablet experiences as today the majority of web
traffic comes from these sources.
A website can be viewed in a wide variety of resolutions and formats, some dictated by the size of a
desktop display, and others by the specific dimensions of a phone or tablet model. Device rendering
provides a preview of how the site looks on some popular device resolutions to help identify obvious
issues. Note, our method will load a website and resize it's portlet to several dimensions, as opposed
to loading the site multiple times directly in different devices.
In general a website should be designed and tested to be responsive across a large variety of
desktop and mobile device resolutions, as well as being able to transition smoothly (for example
when resizing a browser or flipping a tablet from vertical to horizontal).

Google's Core Web Vitals
Google is indicating that they do not have 'sufficient real-world speed data for this page' in
order to make a Core Web Vitals assessment. This can occur for smaller websites or those that
are not crawl-able by Google.

Core Web Vitals are UI Metrics designed by Google that measure the overall quality of user
experience on your site. They assess things such as the appearance of content, interactivity of the
page and visual stability from the moment of page load. Core Web Vitals are gathered from real world
usage data of a website (hence some smaller websites that haven't been well sampled may not return
an appropriate result). Google has made Core Web Vitals a ranking factor for pages with increasing
importance.
To improve your Core Web Vitals scores, you may need to read Google's documentation on the topic
and follow the recommendations provided in the Google's PageSpeed Insights assessment.
Use of Mobile Viewports
Your page specifies a Viewport matching the device's size, allowing it to render appropriately
across devices.
The Viewport is a Meta Tag within the page's HTML which gives the browser instructions for how to
control the page's dimensions and scaling. Setting the Viewport is particularly important for mobile
and tablet device responsiveness, as without it, the page can appear incorrectly sized and require
zooming or scrolling to view content.
Make sure you include one Meta Viewport tag in the Head section of page HTML.

Google's PageSpeed Insights - Mobile
Google is indicating that your page is scoring poorly on their Mobile PageSpeed Insights
evaluation.
Note that this evaluation is being performed from US servers and the results may differ slightly
from an evaluation carried out from Google's PageSpeed Web Interface as that reporting
localizes to the region in which you are running the report.
Google has indicated that the performance of a webpage is becoming more important from a
user and subsequently ranking perspective.

30
LAB DATA VALUE
First Contentful Paint 8 s
Speed Index 8 s
Largest Contentful Paint 14.7 s
Time to Interactive 15.3 s
Total Blocking Time 0.2 s
Cumulative Layout Shift 3.12
OPPORTUNITIES ESTIMATED
SAVINGS
Enable text compression 4.23 s
Reduce unused JavaScript 3.17 s
Eliminate render-blocking resources 0.74 s
Avoid multiple page redirects 0.63 s
Reduce unused CSS 0.6 s
PageSpeed Insights is a tool from Google that evaluates a website's performance in both mobile and
desktop, providing suggestions for how to improve it. Google has indicated that performance is
becoming a more important ranking factor, so understanding Google's own analysis of your site is
valuable. Also irrespective of SEO rankings, it has been well researched that pages that load faster
perform better in user bounce rate and conversions.
We recommend reviewing and implementing some of Google's listed opportunities to improve your
site.
PageSpeed Insights is a tool from Google that evaluates a website's performance in both mobile and
desktop, providing suggestions for how to improve it. Google has indicated that performance is
becoming a larger ranking factor, so understanding Google's own analysis of your site is valuable.
Also irrespective of SEO rankings, it has been well researched that pages that load faster perform
better in user bounce rate and conversions.
We recommend reviewing and implementing some of Google's listed opportunities to improve your
site.
Google's PageSpeed Insights - Desktop
Google is indicating that your page is scoring poorly on their Desktop PageSpeed Insights
evaluation.
Google has indicated that the performance of a webpage is becoming more important from a
user and subsequently ranking perspective.

38
LAB DATA VALUE
First Contentful Paint 1.3 s
Speed Index 3.7 s
Largest Contentful Paint 2.8 s
Time to Interactive 3.1 s
Total Blocking Time 0.6 s
Cumulative Layout Shift 0.3
OPPORTUNITIES ESTIMATED
SAVINGS
Enable text compression 0.66 s
Reduce unused JavaScript 0.49 s
Eliminate render-blocking resources 0.19 s
Avoid multiple page redirects 0.19 s
Flash is an old embedded website technology that was frequently used in heavily animated features
such as games and videos. However, Flash is not supported by all mobile devices and is not easily
read by search engines. Improvements to HTML and CSS and the increased speed of modern web
browsers have made it possible to implement many similar features with standard web technologies.
If Flash is detected on your site, you should carefully consider whether it is necessary due to the
several drawbacks.
Flash Used?
No Flash content has been identified on your page.

iFrames Used?
There are no iFrames detected on your page.
iFrames are a HTML tag that allow you to embed other webpages inside your page in a small frame.
They generally represent an older coding practice and are discouraged as they can complicate
navigation, particularly in mobile, and are harder for search engines to index.
We recommend removing any iFrames if they don't serve a critical purpose, or could be replaced with
more natural navigation. However, some coding libraries like Google Tag Manager may still rely on
iFrames as part of their internal functionality to load external pages and code files, so you may need
to evaluate your usage of them on a case by case basis.

Favicon
Your page has specified a Favicon.
A Favicon is a small icon that serves as branding for your website. It's main purpose is to help visitors
locate your page easier when they have multiple tabs open. It adds legitimacy to your site and helps
boost your online branding as well as trust from potential consumers.
Either use an online Favicon builder tool, or a graphic designer to build your Favicon, and load them
into your website or CMS.

Email addresses shown in clear text on your website can be easily scraped by bots, leading to
inclusion in spam mailing lists.
We recommend removing any plain text email addresses and replacing them with contact forms,
images, or less obvious text like 'email at website'.
Email Privacy
No email addresses have been found in plain text on your page.

Legible Font Sizes
The text on your page appears to be legible across devices.

Page text legibility is important from an accessibility perspective, and also to ensure your users can
comfortably spend time on your site. In particular it's important to review text legibility on mobile and
tablet devices where the text may naturally be smaller or lower lighting could make it more challenging
to read.
We recommend reviewing the legibility of your text including less considered items like footer links
and text.
Tap Target Sizing refers to the size of buttons, links and other navigational elements on the page. On
touch screen devices in particular these elements can't be too small or too close together or they will
impede clicking and frustrate users.
We recommend reviewing the Tap Target Sizing of your of all your text to ensure they're easily
clickable including less considered items like footer elements.
Tap Target Sizing
The links and buttons on your page appear to be appropriately sized for a user to easily tap on
a touchscreen.

Performance Results
Your performance could be better
Your page's performance has some issues and room for improvement.
Performance is important to ensure a good user experience, and reduced bounce
rates (which can also indirectly affect your search engine rankings). We recommend
addressing the highlighted factors below.
B
Website Load Speed
Your page loads in a reasonable amount of time.

Server Response
0.0s
All Page Content Loaded
0.7s
All Page Scripts Complete
6.1s
Page Load Speed refers to the amount of time it takes to entirely load a webpage in a user's browser.
Load speed is complex and can be impacted by a multitude of factors including network, web server,
page size, technology, database or coding problems, and may require the help of a developer or
systems administrator to troubleshoot. Page Load Speed impacts a user's experience on a website
and can directly impact bounce rate and conversions. Additionally, Search Engines are making Page
Load Speed a ranking factor.
Optimize Page Load Speed by examining common problem points such as overall file size, server
resources or coding problems.
Download Page Size refers to the total amount of file content that needs to be downloaded by the
browser to view a particular webpage. This includes HTML, CSS, Javascript and Images, though can
include a number of other file formats. Generally media files like images and videos are significantly
larger than text files and make up the bulk of Download File Size, but also represent the largest
optimization opportunity. An important distinction here is 'Download' vs 'Raw' file size. Modern web
protocols compress files during transfer, meaning files are usually smaller to download than their
actual or 'raw' size. So any manual optimizations you perform would be on the 'raw' file. Download
Page Size is one of the biggest contributors to Page Load Speed, which can directly affect rankings,
user experience and conversions.
It is important to ensure your Download File Size is as small as possible by removing unnecessary
files and minifying and optimizing others. 5MB is a good metric to strive for, though modern websites
are gradually increasing in size.
Website Download Size
Your page's file size is quite large which, regardless of other optimizations, can reduce load
speed and impact user experience.
A general rule is to keep your page under 5MB in total file size.

Download Page Size
7.08MB
Download Page Size Breakdown
HTML 0.02MB
CSS 0.13MB
JS 1.03MB
Images 5.83MB
Other 0.07MB
7.08MB
Total
Compression Usage Gzip, Deflate, Brotli)
Your website appears to be using a reasonable level of compression.
We recommend reviewing server compression settings, as effective compression can represent
a significant and relatively easy performance improvement for websites.

Modern web servers allow website files to be compressed as part of their transfer, often dramatically
reducing the Download File Size and Page Load Speed of a page. There are several different
compression algorithms used such as GZIP, Deflate and Brotli. Enabling compression can often
represent a simple and quick win to performance, and most new web servers will have this enabled
by default.
You should ensure that compression is enabled and working effectively on your web server.
Sometimes compression may only be partially enabled for particular file types, or using an older
compression method, so it is important to understand whether your server is configured as efficiently
as possible. This may require the help of a developer to investigate.
When browsers display a modern website, they have to retrieve a wide variety of files including
HTML, CSS, Javascript, Images and other media. As a general rule, every file that needs to be
retrieved is another network request that needs to be made by the browser to the server, which can
each face some connection overhead and add to Page Load Time.
It is a good idea to remove unnecessary files or consolidate smaller files with similar content like
styles and scripts where possible to optimize performance.
Compression Rate
3%
Compression Rates
HTML 0% compressed of 0.02MB
CSS 0% compressed of 0.13MB
JS 20% compressed of 1.29MB
Images 0% compressed of 5.83MB
Other 0% compressed of 0.07MB
Total 3% compressed of 7.34MB
Resources Breakdown
This check displays the total number of files that need to be retrieved from web servers to load
your page.
14
Total Objects
4
Number of
HTML Pages
2
Number of JS
Resources
1
Number of CSS
Resources
3
Number of
Images
4
Other
Resources
HTML JS CSS IMG

Google Accelerated Mobile Pages AMP
This page does not appear to have AMP Enabled.

AMP INDICATOR
AMP Related Doctype Declaration
AMP Runtime
AMP CSS Boilerplate
Embedded Inline Custom CS
AMP Images
AMP HTML Canonical Link
AMP or Accelerated Mobile Pages, was an initiative originally created by Google to help mobile pages
load faster through adherence to a specific set of requirements. Some research demonstrated that
AMP enabled pages would receive a ranking benefit. AMP has often been criticized and begun to be
deprecated by particular browsers and frameworks.
JavaScript is embedded code on a webpage that can perform any number of functions such as
modifying page elements dynamically, or making calls to retrieve information live without refreshing
the page. JavaScript is a staple of the modern web and used on almost every modern website.
However, with increasing usage and complexity, Javascript can fail on a page due to coding
problems, incorrect versions or loading issues. Sometimes failures can interrupt proper execution of a
page and break other functions, and so Javascript errors should generally be examined to understand
the cause and what it's impacts are .
HTTP is a technology protocol used by web browser to communicate with websites and is a
cornerstone of the world wide web. HTTP/2 (and above) are newer versions of the HTTP protocol
that offer significant peformance improvements. Older websites may be set to using an older HTTP
protocol despite their web servers having been upgraded to support newer versions.
It is worth reviewing whether your website is configured to use the latest available HTTP protocol as
it can provide immediate Page Load Speed improvements.






JavaScript Errors
Your page is not reporting any JavaScript errors.

HTTP2 Usage
Your website is using the recommended HTTP/2 Protocol.

Optimize Images
All of the images on your page appear to be optimized.

Image and media files in general tend to be the largest component of file size on most modern
webpages. File size can directly impact how quickly a page loads, and subsequently the quality of the
experience for users. Images in general can have a large range in how much they can be optimized.
For example, a high quality photograph downloaded from a camera could be 16MB, but using a
reasonable level of size reduction and optimization could comfortably reduce it to 150KB without a
noticeable amount of quality loss.
Review the images used on your site, starting from the largest in file size to determine if there are
optimization opportunities. You can use common image editing tools like Photoshop or even free
online compression tools to optimize them.
Minification is a procedure run on code text files that can reduce the text size by removing white
space and substituting common values or names with shorter versions. Minification also offers the
additional value of making code much harder to read and reverse engineer by third parties. It is best
practice to minify any exposed JS and CSS Files before publishing them to a live site.
Minification can be done automatically through some development tools and website build
procedures, or through minification CMS Plugins, or manually through minification tools available
online.
HTML, like most coding languages, has had improvements made over time that has removed older
features, either due to them simply being problematic, or more often replaced with something better. If
you continue to use these older features in your page, you may at the bare minimum not get the
expected functionality in your page, or in the worst case, break some execution.
It is recommended to identify and remove any old or 'deprecated' tags from your code. This could be
done manually if you have HTML or web design skills, or could be done by upgrading the template
and library versions on your website.
HTML provides the ability to embed UI styling attributes within individual HTML elements. Despite this
feature being available, it is modern best practice to completely separate UI styling into separate CSS
files. This separates functions and centralises UI styling into one place making it easier for example to
upgrade the UI styling of a site independently of the page content and structure. Inline Styles also
have some particular problems in that they can degrade the page load performance of a page and
unnecessarily complicate HTML code.
Inline Styles should be manually removed from the HTML code of a page and merged into separate
CSS files, but may need the help of a designer to carefully consider their purpose and function.
Minification
All your JavaScript and CSS files appear to be minified.

Deprecated HTML
No deprecated HTML tags have been found within your page.

Inline Styles
No Inline Styles have been found within your page's HTML tags.

Social Results
Your social needs improvement
You appear to have a weak social presence or level of social activity (or we may
just not be able to see your profiles!. Social activity is important for customer
communication, brand awareness and as a marketing channel to bring visitors to
your website. We recommend that you list all of your profiles on your page for
visibility, and begin to build a following on those networks.
F
Creating Social Profiles as well as linking to these from your website can help to build trust in your
business and provide other mediums to nurture your customer relationships.
We recommend creating all common Social Profiles and linking to these from your website. Most CMS
systems will offer fields to enter your Social Profile URLs and will display these in a button row section
in the footer.
Facebook Page Linked
No associated Facebook Page found as a link on your page.

Facebook Open Graph Tags are a type of structured data that can be placed on your page to control
what is shown when your page is shared on Facebook. You can indicate exactly what content should
appear in a sharing snippet's title, description, imagery and other information. This is useful when
pages like your homepage, products or articles are shared, and effective sharing can drive traffic and
conversions. You may want to ensure that the content presented is correct and has the highest
chance of attracting visitors. If you don't define specific content, Facebook may decide automatically
which pieces of text and imagery are displayed which may not always be correct or appealing.
We recommend defining as many of Facebook's Open Graph fields as possible, and inserting this
code into the HTML of your page. Facebook has a helper tool for creating this content, or sometimes
it can be written automatically with the help of a CMS plugin.
TAG CONTENT
og:type website
og:url https://mentally-chill.online/
og:title Mentally-Chill - Premium THCA Products | Lab-Tested Hemp Flower
og:description Premium lab-tested hemp-derived THCA products with fast shipping. Discover quality TH
CA flower, concentrates, and edibles. 21+ only.
og:image /og-image.jpg
Facebook Open Graph Tags
Your page is using Facebook Open Graph Tags.

Facebook Pixel is a piece of analytics code that allows Facebook to capture and analyse visitor
information from your site. This allows you to retarget these visitors with Facebook messaging in
future, or build new 'lookalike' audiences similar to your existing visitors.
In can be a good idea to install a Facebook Pixel if you intend to do any Facebook related marketing
in the future in order to prepare audience data.
Facebook Pixel
We have not detected a Facebook Pixel on your page.
Facebook's Pixel is a useful piece of analytics code that allows you to retarget visitors if you
decide to run Facebook Ads in future.

X (formerly Twitter) Account Linked
No associated X Profile found as a link on your page.

Similar to Facebook Open Graph Tags, X Cards are a type of structured data that can be placed on
your page to control what is shown when your page is shared on X. You can indicate exactly what
content should appear in a sharing snippet's title, description, imagery and other information.
We recommend defining as many of X`s Cards as possible, and inserting this code into the HTML of
your page. X has a cards markup tool for creating this content, or sometimes it can be written
automatically with the help of a CMS plugin.
TAG CONTENT
twitter:card summary_large_image
twitter:url https://mentally-chill.online/
twitter:title Mentally-Chill - Premium Hemp THCA Products
twitter:description Premium lab-tested hemp-derived THCA products with fast shipping. 21+ o
nly.
twitter:image /og-image.jpg
X Cards
Your page is using X Cards.

Instagram Linked
No associated Instagram Profile found linked on your page

LinkedIn Page Linked
No associated LinkedIn Profile found linked on your page.

YouTube Channel Linked
No associated YouTube Channel found
linked on your page.
 YouTube Channel Activity
No associated YouTube Channel found
linked on your page.

Address & phone number are key pieces of information for customers to contact a local business.
However they also help Google identify that the website represents a particular local business to
build a complete online profile helping it rank in local search results.
Ensure that your full business address and phone number are correct and clearly visible in clear text
on the site and not hidden behind expanders or text that could load dynamically.
Local Business Schema is a type of structured data markup that can be added to the code of a
webpage. Adding accurate Local Business Schema categories helps Search Engines more understand
your website and the business it represents so that it can rank in local search results.
The approach for adding Local Business Schema depends on your website's capabilities. Your CMS
may have the ability to input this directly, or you may need to install a Schema app or plugin.
Alternatively you can manually create your Schema through the use of an online Schema Generator
tool and copy this into the code of your site.
A Google Business Profile GBP) is a listing representing your business that appears in Google Maps
or standard Google Searches that have local intent. GBP contains key information about the business
such as name, location, contact information, opening hours as well as customer ratings and reviews.
GBP is an important tool for local businesses to manage their online presence, reach customers on
Google, and compete against other similar businesses.
If you are a local business, it is important to create your Google Business Profile (or claim it if one has
been automatically created by Google) and update the details as completely and accurately as
possible. We try to identify your GBP based on the website URL listed in the profile matching the one
in this audit. If your GBP profile exists but we can't identify it, you may want to check that the website
URL is correct.
Address & Phone Shown on Website
We can't identify one or both of these components on the page. Missing: Phone
Local SEO

Local Business Schema
Local Business Schema identified on the page.
LocalBusiness

Google Business Profile Identified
No Google Business Profile was identified that links to this website.

Google Business Profile Completeness
No Google Business Profile was identified that links to this website.

It is important your Google Business Profile GBP) details are complete and correct - in particular
those referred to as the 'NAP' - Name, Address Phone. This obviously helps local customers find
your business, but also aids local SEO by helping Google accurately identify online citations of your
business to understand the online presence, trust and reputation of your business.
We recommend reviewing the details of your business's Google Business Profile and updating it as
completely and accurately as possible.
Google reviews and ratings are critical for a business - they can directly impact customer trust and
reputation of your business which drives foot traffic, but are also a ranking signal Google uses to
determine how to rank your business in local search results.
Be pro-active in trying to drive reviews for your business (there are multiple methods and online tools
to assist) as well as responding to any negative feedback.
Google Reviews
No Google Business Profile was identified that links to this website.

HTTP/3
Node.js
Technology List
These software or coding libraries have been identified on your page.
Technology Results

TECHNOLOGY VERSION
Express
Google Analytics
Google Cloud
Google Cloud CDN
Google Cloud Trace
HSTS
Server IP Address
34.111.179.208

DNS Servers
dns1.registrar-servers.com
dns2.registrar-servers.com

DMARC Domain-based Message Authentication, Reporting, and Conformance) is a DNS record that
can be added for a site to help prevent email spoofing from malicious parties. It is more frequently
being adopted as a mailing requirement by email providers like Google and can affect deliverability
rates if not in place.
We recommend reviewing the documentation from both your email delivery platform as well as
common recipient platforms like Gmail and Outlook to determine the appropriate DMARC records and
how to implement this into your site's DNS
An SPF Sender Policy Framework) record is a DNS record that is set to identify mail servers and
domains that are allowed to send email on behalf of your domain and is designed to help combat
email spoofing.
We recommend reviewing the documentation of all the delivery platforms you use to determine the
appropriate SPF records to implement for your site to ensure highest deliverability.
Web Server
Google Frontend

Charset
text/html; charset=UTF8

DMARC Record
This site does not appear to have a DMARC record in place.
DMARC records are important to improve email deliverability and combat spoofing.

SPF Record
This site appears to have an SPF record.
v=spf1 include:spf.efwd.registrar-servers.com
~all
